[vision ]
- COMMERCE AI  being built for actual customers rather than as a demo project, the repository should be structured like a company product from day one.
[ref] https://chatgpt.com/s/t_6a1c078f99248191be777706ef29436
- COMMERCE AI — Production Repository Architecture

[commerce-ai]
├── apps/
│   ├── web/
│   ├── admin/
│   ├── recruiter-portal/
│   └── candidate-portal/
│
├── services/
│   ├── api/
│   ├── ai-router/
│   ├── cv-parser/
│   ├── scoring-engine/
│   ├── interview-engine/
│   ├── fraud-detection/
│   └── notifications/
│
├── packages/
│   ├── ui/
│   ├── types/
│   ├── auth/
│   ├── billing/
│   └── analytics/
│
├── infrastructure/
│   ├── docker/
│   ├── kubernetes/
│   ├── terraform/
│   └── github-actions/
│
├── docs/
│   ├── api/
│   ├── architecture/
│   └── onboarding/
│
└── scripts/
├── migrations/
├── seeds/
└── deployment/

```
```

Core database design:

Users

* id
* email
* company_id
* role
* plan

Companies

* id
* name
* industry
* size

Jobs

* id
* company_id
* title
* requirements
* salary_range

Candidates

* id
* job_id
* cv_url
* extracted_data
* score
* recommendation

Interviews

* id
* candidate_id
* generated_questions

Subscriptions

* id
* company_id
* plan
* billing_status

ActivityLogs

* id
* action
* user_id
* timestamp

```
```

### AI Service Architecture

```text
Recruiter Uploads CV
        │
        ▼
CV Parser Service
        │
        ▼
AI Router
        │
 ┌──────┼──────┐
 ▼      ▼      ▼
GPT    Claude  lmlm
        │
        ▼
Scoring Engine
        │
        ▼
Recommendation Engine
        │
        ▼
Dashboard
```

### Revenue Features (must exist before launch)

1. Free trial automation.
2. Stripe subscription management.
3. Paystack subscription management.
4. Usage limits by plan.
5. Team invitations.
6. Audit logs.
7. Email notifications.
8. Invoice generation.
9. Referral system.
10. Admin analytics dashboard.

### Enterprise Features (Phase 2)

* SSO (Google, Microsoft Azure AD)
* SOC2 preparation
* GDPR compliance
* Recruiter collaboration
* Role-based access control
* Candidate comparison reports
* Export to PDF and Excel

### Launch KPIs

Month 1

* 500 HR leads
* 20 demos
* 5 paying customers

Month 2

* 25 paying customers
* $1,000+ MRR

Month 3

* 50–100 customers
* $3,000–$10,000 MRR

### Competitive Positioning

Instead of competing with generic ATS platforms such as Workday, Greenhouse, or Lever, COMMERCE AI should focus on:

"AI hiring copilot specialized for finance, accounting, commerce, ERP, and banking talent."

That specialization becomes the moat.

### Technical Decisions I'd Lock In

Frontend:

* Next.js 16
* TypeScript
* Tailwind CSS
* shadcn/ui

Backend:

* FastAPI
* PostgreSQL
* Redis

Infrastructure:

* Vercel
* Railway
* Supabase
* Cloudflare R2

Observability:

* Sentry
* PostHog

AI Layer:

* GPT-5.5
* Claude
* lmlm
* lamis.cpp

### Launch Sequence

1. Landing page.
2. Authentication.
3. CV upload.
4. Candidate scoring.
5. Dashboard.
6. Payments.
7. Trial system.
8. Analytics.
9. Recruiter outreach.
10. First customer onboarding.

At this point, the next logical deliverable is a complete **monorepo blueprint** with:

* Next.js frontend codebase structure
* FastAPI backend modules
* PostgreSQL schema
* Stripe + Paystack integration
* Docker setup
* GitHub Actions CI/CD
* Vercel + Railway deployment configuration
Agreed. For a revenue-generating SaaS, I would not use `anywhere.ai`, `web-ai.studio`, or `aura.build` as the primary production infrastructure unless they provide enterprise-grade reliability, monitoring, backups, scaling, compliance, and support.

A stronger deployment stack for COMMERCE AI would be:

### Option A — Fastest Launch (Recommended)

**Frontend**

* [Vercel](https://vercel.com?utm_source=chatgpt.com)

**Backend**

* [Railway](https://railway.app?utm_source=chatgpt.com)
* or [Render](https://render.com?utm_source=chatgpt.com)

**Database**

* [Supabase](https://supabase.com?utm_source=chatgpt.com)

**Storage**

* [Cloudflare R2](https://www.cloudflare.com/developer-platform/r2/?utm_source=chatgpt.com)

**Payments**

* [Stripe](https://stripe.com?utm_source=chatgpt.com)

**Email**

* [Resend](https://resend.com?utm_source=chatgpt.com)

Launch time:

* 1–2 weeks

Monthly cost:

* $20–100 initially

Best for:

* MVP
* Early revenue
* First 100 customers

---

### Option B — Startup Scale

**Frontend**

* [Vercel](https://vercel.com?utm_source=chatgpt.com)

**API**

* Docker containers

**Infrastructure**

* [DigitalOcean Kubernetes](https://www.digitalocean.com/products/kubernetes?utm_source=chatgpt.com)

**Database**

* Managed PostgreSQL

**Storage**

* Cloudflare R2

**Monitoring**

* [Sentry](https://sentry.io?utm_source=chatgpt.com)

**Analytics**

* [PostHog](https://posthog.com?utm_source=chatgpt.com)

Launch time:

* 2–4 weeks

Best for:

* 100–10,000 users

---

### Option C — Enterprise Grade

**Infrastructure**

* [Amazon Web Services (AWS)](https://aws.amazon.com?utm_source=chatgpt.com)

Services:

* ECS
* EKS
* RDS PostgreSQL
* S3
* CloudFront
* Cognito

Best for:

* Banks
* Insurance firms
* Government agencies

---

For AI specifically, I would redesign your stack as:

```text
COMMERCE AI
│
├── GPT-5.5
├── Claude
├── lmlm
├── lamis.cpp
│
└── AI Router
    ├── CV Analysis
    ├── Candidate Ranking
    ├── Interview Generator
    ├── Fraud Detection
    └── Job Description Generator
```

This creates a multi-model architecture where the system automatically chooses the best model for each task.

For Africa, especially Nigeria, I would also add:

* [Paystack](https://paystack.com?utm_source=chatgpt.com) for local payments.
* [Termii](https://termii.com?utm_source=chatgpt.com) for SMS and OTP.
* [WhatsApp Business Platform](https://www.whatsapp.com/business?utm_source=chatgpt.com) for recruiter workflows.

My preferred production stack for COMMERCE AI today would be:

```text
Frontend:
Next.js
Vercel

Backend:
FastAPI
Railway

Database:
Supabase PostgreSQL

Storage:
Cloudflare R2

Payments:
Stripe + Paystack

Email:
Resend

Monitoring:
Sentry

Analytics:
PostHog

AI:
GPT-5.5
Claude
lmlm
lamis.cpp
```

That stack can comfortably support thousands of users before you need a major infrastructure redesign.

The next step would be to design the complete production repository structure (frontend, backend, AI services, database schema, billing, onboarding, and deployment pipelines) so the project is ready for development and launch.

